Flow docs enhancement: add examples for Grafana Cloud (#3288)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/otelcol.exporter.otlp.md

`otelcol.exporter.otlp` does not expose any component-specific debug
information.

## Examples

> This example creates an exporter to send data to a locally running Grafana
> Tempo without TLS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples show you how to create an exporter to send data to different destinations.

### Send data to a local Tempo instance

You can create an exporter that sends your data to a local Grafana Tempo instance without TLS:
```

    }
}
```

> This example creates an exporter to send data to Grafana Cloud with username and password 
> injected through environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Send data to a hosted endpoint

You can create an exporter that sends your data to a hosted endpoint, for example Grafana Cloud. The username and password are injected through environment variables.
```

    }
}
```

> ### Send data to managed service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Send data to a managed service
```

> ### Send data to a hosted endpoint

Author: ```suggestion
### Send data to Grafana Cloud
```

> You can create an exporter that sends your data to a hosted endpoint, for example Grafana Cloud. The username and password are injected through environment variables.

Author: ```suggestion
You can create an `otlp` exporter that sends your data to Grafana Cloud. The Tempo username and Grafana Cloud API Key are injected in this example through environment variables.
```

```river
otelcol.exporter.otlp "grafana_cloud_tempo" {
    client {
        endpoint = "https://tempo-xxx.grafana.net/tempo"
        auth     = otelcol.auth.basic.grafana_cloud_tempo.handler
    }
}

otelcol.auth.basic "grafana_cloud_tempo" {
    username = env("TEMPO_USERNAME")

>     password = env("TEMPO_PASSWORD")

Author: ```suggestion
    password = env("GRAFANA_CLOUD_API_KEY")
```
